---
weight: 3
bookFlatSection: true
title: "Starting"
---

# Starting



Start editing by typing the command

    pe [-b] [-d] [-x] [-z] [-p profile] filename ...

(The name `pe` was chosen to avoid confusion with other versions
of MicroEMACS.  Think of it as an abbreviation of "puny emacs".)

The options -b, -x, -z, and -p are optional.  They have the following
meanings:

-b

:   Tells MicroEMACS to make backups of the files you edit.
    It will create a backup file the first time you save a file that has been
    changed.  It makes the backup by renaming the original file
    before it writes out the new version.  If you have defined an
    XBACKUP environment variable, MicroEMACS treats it as a directory
    name and moves the original file into that directory.  If you haven't
    defined XBACKUP, MicroEMACS renames the original file in one of two ways:

    * On UNIX-like operating systems, such as Linux,, it appends a "~" character to the filename.

    * On PC-DOS,
    it changes the extension to ".BAK".

    This option has no effect on VMS, because VMS supports multiple
    file versions.

-d

:   Tells MicroEMACS to pass the -d flag to cscope, which tells it
    to not update its cross-reference file (`cscope.out`).  This is useful when using
    a cross-reference file generated by another program, such as starscope.

-x

:   Tells MicroEMACS to use the XON/XOFF
    protocol for starting
    and stopping transmission to your terminal.  This is necessary if
    you are using a DEC terminal, or any terminal that might lose characters
    during lengthy operations, such as multi-line scrolls.
    This option is probably not necessary for Zenith Z-29
    terminals, or if your computer uses a memory-mapped display.
    Unfortunately, this option prevents you from using Control-S
    and Control-Q while editing.
    You can get around this problem by
    reassigning the functions that normally are invoked with these
    keys to other keys.  These key assignments could be placed in
    your startup profile (see the [**Profiles**](#profiles) section below).

-z

:   Tells MicroEMACS to append a
    Control-Z to output files, and to
    treat Control-Z as an end-of-file character when reading text files
    or profiles.  This option is provided for compatibility with older
    editors and language processors.  It has no effect on VMS or UNIX.

-p *profile*

:   Tells MicroEMACS to read the specified
    *profile* at startup,
    instead of the default profile.  See the [**Profiles**](#profiles) section for
    more information about profiles.

-r

:   Tells MicroEMACS to mark all buffers as read-only by default.  This
    is useful in preventing unwanted changes being made when browsing files.
    A buffer can subsequently be made read-write with the
    **toggle-readonly** command.

The filenames *filename1*, *filename2*, etc., are the names
of the files you want to edit.  MicroEMACS
will load the specified files into separate buffers,
and you can start editing them.

MicroEMACS will create up to two
split-screen windows to view the first two files you specify.
If you specify only one file, MicroEMACS will create one full-screen
window.  The commands for manipulating windows are described in the
[**Window Management**](#window-management) section below.

Any changes you make to a file while it is in a buffer will not affect
the original file until you tell MicroEMACS to save the file.

You can omit the filenames when you start.  MicroEMACS will present you
with an empty buffer called "main", which has no associated filename.
You can give this buffer a filename, or read a file into it,
or you can read files
into their own separate buffers.  The commands for reading and saving files
are described in the [**Files**](#files) section below.

After MicroEMACS reads in the files you specify (if any), but before
it accepts any keyboard entries,
it executes
the commands in the startup profile (either the one you specified
with the -p option, or the default profile).

