# Starting

Start editing by typing the command

```
pe [options...] filename1 filename2 ...
```

(The name `pe` was chosen to avoid confusion with other versions
of MicroEMACS.  Think of it as an abbreviation of "puny emacs".)

The options have the following meanings:

**-b**

Tells MicroEMACS to make backups of the files you edit.
It will create a backup file the first time you save a file that has been
changed.  It makes the backup by renaming the original file
before it writes out the new version.  If you have defined an
XBACKUP environment variable, MicroEMACS treats it as a directory
name and moves the original file into that directory.  If you haven't
defined XBACKUP, MicroEMACS renames the original file in one of two ways:

* On UNIX-like operating systems, such as Linux, it appends a "~" character to the filename.

* On PC-DOS and FlexOS,
it changes the extension to ".BAK".

This option has no effect on VMS, because VMS supports multiple
file versions.

**-c cscope-path**

Tells MicroEMACS the path to the cscope executable, useful if you are
using a non-standard cscope.

**-d**

Tells MicroEMACS to pass the -d flag to cscope, which tells it
to not update its cross-reference file (`cscope.out`).  This is useful when using
a cross-reference file generated by another program, such as starscope.

**-g linenum**  
**+ linenumber**

Tells MicroEMACS to move to the specified line number in the first file specified
on the command line.  The "+" version of this option is provided for compatibility
with other editors.

**-l**

Tells MicroEMACS to display line numbers.

**-m**

Tells MicroEMACS to enable the experimental mouse support.  Warning: this is not
fully functional.

**-p profile**

Tells MicroEMACS to read the specified
*profile*  at startup,
instead of the default profile.  See the [Profiles](profiles.md) section for
more information about profiles.

**-r**

Tells MicroEMACS to mark all buffers as read-only by default.  This
is useful in preventing unwanted changes being made when browsing files.
A buffer can subsequently be made read-write with the
**toggle-readonly** command.

**-x**

Tells MicroEMACS to use the XON/XOFF
protocol for starting
and stopping transmission to your terminal.  This is necessary if
you are using a DEC terminal, or any terminal that might lose characters
during lengthy operations, such as multi-line scrolls.
This option is probably not necessary for Zenith Z-29
terminals, or if your computer uses a memory-mapped display.
Unfortunately, this option prevents you from using Control-S
and Control-Q while editing.
You can get around this problem by
reassigning the functions that normally are invoked with these
keys to other keys.  These key assignments could be placed in
your startup profile (see the [Profiles](profiles.md) section).

**-z**

Tells MicroEMACS to append a
Control-Z to output files, and to
treat Control-Z as an end-of-file character when reading text files
or profiles.  This option is provided for compatibility with older
editors and language processors.  It has no effect on VMS or UNIX.

The optional filenames *filename1*, *filename2*, etc., are the names
of the files you want to edit.  MicroEMACS
will load the specified files into separate buffers,
and you can start editing them.

You can append a line number and an optional column number specifier to a filename,
telling MicroEMACS to move to that location in the file.  As an example,
this tells MicroEMACS to open `main.c` and move to line 168, column 1:

```
pe main.c:168
```

This tells MicroEMACS to open `main.c` and move to line 168, column 27:

```
pe main.c:168:27
```

MicroEMACS will create up to two
split-screen windows to view the first two files you specify.
If you specify only one file, MicroEMACS will create one full-screen
window.  The commands for manipulating windows are described in the
[Window Management](window.md) section.

Any changes you make to a file while it is in a buffer will not affect
the original file until you tell MicroEMACS to save the file.

You can omit the filenames when you start.  MicroEMACS will present you
with an empty buffer called "main", which has no associated filename.
You can give this buffer a filename, or read a file into it,
or you can read files
into their own separate buffers.  The commands for reading and saving files
are described in the [Files](files.md) section.

After MicroEMACS reads in the files you specify (if any), but before
it accepts any keyboard entries,
it executes
the commands in the startup profile (either the one you specified
with the -p option, or the default profile).

